Previously on Dexter...
We have
a serial killer who's taking out
rideshare drivers.
They call him
- the Dark Passenger.
- The what?
You want to go after
that serial killer.
He stole my name.
How would I go about becoming
a UrCar driver?
How is it that
Dexter just disappeared?
He had a pickup truck.
Can you set it up
that you get notified if
the truck shows up anywhere?
If Harrison did
a kill here. he cleaned up well.
Officers Wallace and Oliva.
Homicide.
She sees things
in ways we don't.
I'm giving him what he needs.
someone checking up on him.
covering up
any mistakes he might have made.
A single drop of blood.
a single hair.
But was it cleaned to hide
all traces of a human body
having been butchered here?
An individual with
some knowledge of forensics
cleaned this room in an attempt
to hide all evidence.
Just what
Harrison needs. a good cop.
The police would like
to speak to you.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
♪ Ain't shady. I'm hot ♪
♪ Like the prodigal son ♪
♪ Pick a petal. eeny. meeny.
miny. moe and flower ♪
♪ You're the chosen one ♪
♪ Well. your left hand's free ♪
♪ And your right's in grip ♪
♪ With another left hand ♪
♪ Watch his right hand slip ♪
♪ Towards his gun ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh. no... ♪
Oh. shit.
Bro. you got a charger?
- Huh?
- A phone charger?
I'm running low.
Sorry. I don't.
I'm late for a date.
I matched with
this hot chick on Hinge.
She's a Knicks City Dancer.
Check it out.
Yeah. Hot.
I'm thirsty.
Can I get some water?
Uh. you want me to stop
at a bodega?
Nah. man. I'm late.
You don't have
any bottles of water in here?
Am I supposed to?
♪ Oh-oh-oh. no ♪
♪ Well. your left hand's free ♪
♪ And your right's in grip ♪
♪ With another left hand ♪
♪ Watch his right hand slip ♪
♪ Towards his... ♪
Good luck with the...
date.
Rideshare driving.
Not the worst job in the world.
Great way
to get to know the city.
Also. makes for
a good cover story
when it's time to stalk.
Hmm. three out of five. Not bad.
Shit.
Dexter. my friend.
What's the matter?
"Friend." Trying to avoid those.
Especially ones
on security cameras.
Uh. just got an alert
from UrCar.
It says I have a rating of 4.2.
Point two?
If it dips any lower. your
account will be deactivated.
Y-You must be done
driving for the night.
- Yep.
- Good.
Don't take another fare
until I can help you
solve this...
terrible situation.
Uh. okay.
Uh. sorry. I got to take this.
No problem. I got you.
4.2? Oh. my goodness.
Hello?
Hi. Is this Dr. Bateman?
Patrick Bateman.
American Psycho was
a formative read when I was 19.
This is he.
Veterinary Rx calling to confirm
an expedited order of etorphine.
M99 to knock out
the Dark Passenger
and whoever else
is a guest at my table.
Yes. to the P.O. Box. please.
It's been a while
since your last order.
Trading in the Florida sunshine
for life in the Big Apple?
If I can make it here.
Glad to have you back. Doctor.
Glad to be back.
The doctor is in.
Do you recognize this man?
Yeah. he was a guest.
Uh. it's...
it's the...
it's the guy who died. right?
Murdered.
What were your interactions
with him?
Um... he was a...
he was a big tipper.
so everybody wanted
to help him out.
Everybody or just you?
He seemed to have taken a
special liking to you. correct?
I... I guess.
He just. he asked me to run
- a bunch of errands for him.
- Errands?
What sort of errands?
Usual stuff.
Shine his shoes.
pick up his dry cleaning.
Uh...
Well. he-he did. uh.
he did have me
buy him weed once.
So. aside from procuring drugs.
was there any other moment
during his stay
that stood out as memorable?
Shauna? Are you okay?
No.
This is in-house CCTV
from the night
of Mr. Foster's murder.
Do you recognize this woman?
Yes. Uh. Ryan. um...
Mr. Foster called her his wife.
She is not his wife.
That woman is a guest
at the hotel with her own room.
But I'm glad to know
that this is memorable.
What is he saying to you here?
He's saying
his wife is too drunk.
he needs help with the elevator.
Did you find it strange that
she could not stand up
on her own?
I mean. he said...
he said she was drunk.
Not drunk. drugged.
We found Rohypnol
in Mr. Foster's luggage.
Did you procure that
for him. too?
What? No. No way.
Are you sure?
Because you do not
seem concerned
in the video
that this clearly drugged woman
is being taken upstairs
by a strange man.
Look. I only know
what he told me.
I can't... I can't
tell the difference
between drunk and drugged.
What happened after this moment?
I-I helped them
to his room. um...
opened the door.
and they went inside.
Did you go in with them?
No.
Because this is the last time
we see Mr. Foster alive.
Before his body parts end up
on a garbage dock.
So. they enter his room.
Uh. what next?
I went downstairs.
- In the elevator?
- In the service elevator.
Employees aren't supposed to use
the main elevators
without a guest.
My shift was over.
so I went home.
Where is home?
Mm. I went to a bar.
I'm sorry.
I'm under 21.
Um. I-I didn't...
I didn't want to admit that.
I-I met a girl there and. uh...
spent the night with her.
What is her name?
Julie?
Judy? I...
We didn't really
exchange info. you know?
Well. I suggest
finding out her name
because she is your alibi.
Alibi?
Am I a suspect?
You are not not a suspect.
While I am still
gathering evidence.
send me your date's name
and contact information.
If you find it.
We are done.
Well?
Let us find every piece
of surveillance we can
on Mr. Morgan.
The first time.
you're gone for three weeks.
Now the next time
- is four weeks.
- What? No.
Now you are going to go
for three years?
We're going to Berkeley.
It's what's best for our future!
Sorry. I don't mean
to interrupt.
No. come in.
We are about to eat dinner.
No. no. it's fine. We can talk
about my rating another time.
- Ah. ah. ah. ah. ah.
- Oh. no. stay.
We have much to discuss.
Try this. It is cassava stew.
Whoa. that's really good.
Let's pray.
Praying. Not my strong suit.
Lord. please bless this food
and this family
and the wonderful guests
you bring into our lives.
And please. give us the wisdom
to make the right decisions.
- Amen.
So...
Dexter. Joy was about to explain
to us why she insists
on moving away from us
for a second time.
It's grad school.
and Sam deserves to choose
whatever school he wants.
I'm trying for my MBA.
Crossing my fingers
for Berkeley.
Which is in California!
Blessing. let them be.
Just because you never moved
out of the house.
does not mean they can't.
A move like that
is a big decision.
Dexter...
why'd you move from Miami?
Miami?
How... do you know that?
Oh. I run background checks
on all of my tenants.
Honey.
What?
There's a ten-year gap
in his history.
and I want to know
who's living here.
Ah. I'm being vetted.
Yeah. I lived in Miami
most of my life.
But years ago.
I lost some people
very close to me. so...
I went away for a while
to get a fresh start.
And now you're
an immigrant in New York.
just like us.
I'll fix everything
you need tomorrow.
We will make sure your UrCar
is the highest-rated
UrCar in the city.
I wish you were
this enthusiastic
about my business.
Enthusiastic?
Dexter.
did you know
you are sitting next to...
the most talented
acupuncturist in the entire
world?!
Mm! Mm-mm-mm!
What would Harrison
have been like
if he had had
a father like that?
I should go.
It's. uh. been a long day.
- There's dessert.
- Next time.
Actually. Constance.
could I get a copy
of that background check?
Of course.
I'm just curious
to see what it says.
With this website
and $75.
I can find anything.
$75 and a website.
If it can find me.
can it find the Dark Passenger?
Getting warmer.
This could be him.
Ronald can hide from cameras
but not from the banks.
Good morning. Ronald.
No hoodie?
Must not be on the hunt.
But I am.
♪ "I'm a King Bee"
by The Stone Foxes playing ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm a king bee ♪
No cameras. Good.
♪ Buzzing round your hive ♪
We share a dislike
of being watched.
♪ I'm a king bee ♪
♪ Buzzing round your hive ♪
♪ I can make honey ♪
Picking a lock
is like riding a bike.
♪ If you let me come inside ♪
Damn.
Harder to do after 50.
Still. I like the old ways.
♪ I'm a king bee ♪
Zero. One. Two. Eight.
Red's birthday. October 28th.
Red's a clever guy.
Let's try his birthday again.
only this time backwards.
♪ I'm a king bee ♪
So much for clever. Mr. Red.
Damn it.
How did you do "old?"
I swear. I used to bounce back
quicker than this.
You mean.
before the ten-week coma?
Just tell me
this isn't permanent.
I wouldn't know. son.
I never got to do "old"
for very long.
Just remember this:
Age itself is a privilege.
Now to find proof.
If I were Ronald.
where would I hide my trophies?
Nah. Too coincidental.
I read in the paper
the victims were missing
their driver's licenses.
You think?
Same size.
This feels like when I was 15.
You'd set up training scenarios
like this.
You'd hide some clue.
You'd find it every time.
Fun days. Just you and me.
Here's the culprit.
Murder weapon.
I hate trophies.
Each one is a good reason
to take him out.
This would actually make
a good kill room.
Thick walls. quiet.
I used to live like this.
Sparse.
No attachments.
Kind of like now.
Except now you have a son...
son.
Bridge Data Network.
Emily speaking.
Yeah. hi. A friend of mine
recommended your company.
Said one of your employees
was a huge help
in setting up their IT.
Ronald Schmidt?
Yes. Red.
He's very thorough.
Can Red come by
and see us tomorrow?
Let me check his schedule.
He'll be at Rockefeller Center.
which is accessible
from anywhere.
Let me talk to my boss
and see if that works.
Thank you.
Tomorrow night.
I know where to pick him up.
This is how he blinds cameras.
Kill you soon. Red.
Hey. Teddy. What's going on?
Oh. you know.
just another day.
protecting and serving.
Oh. listen. we got a hit
on Jim's truck.
Dexter.
I mean. Dexter Morgan's truck.
- Where?
- New York City.
Truck matching his license plate
got a speeding ticket.
I got the report right here.
I can fax it to you.
No. just give me the name
and address of the driver.
You must always stay
two steps ahead
of the passengers.
Anticipate every need.
If they are thirsty. water.
If they are hungry. snacks.
If they have a-bad a-breath...
- Mints?
- Exactly!
Am I driving a car or a bodega?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
You'd be surprised
how many people ask.
"Anticipate every need."
What need is this for?
The tips.
People like a family man.
Makes them feel safe.
Just swap out that picture.
put one of your son inside.
Ah.
I lost my family photos
in a fire.
No!
Hugs. I guess we're there.
This is a terrible tragedy.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. yeah. I'm good.
It's just old wounds.
Well. you should let Joy
do her acupuncture on you. heh?
She needs the practice hours.
Yeah. I'll try anything
at this point.
Well. then. you should try
putting that up on your dash.
Let passengers think
it's your son.
It's more a lie of omission
than commission.
The Good Lord won't mind.
The least of my sins.
But you must tell me
how the passengers
think about
the new improvements.
Come. I have work to do.
City rats.
Always trying to move in
around the dryer exhaust.
This will stop them.
So. once again.
here we are
in the perfectly clean bathroom.
Got it.
Shauna's rape kit
came back negative.
but they did find trace amounts
of Rohypnol in her system.
What does that mean?
It means either
a serial rapist drugged a woman
then suddenly had
a change of heart.
or we have a hero on our hands
who stopped it from happening
here. in this room.
Here? No. that's not possible.
It is the only way the assault
could have been stopped
in enough time.
What likely did not occur here
is the dismemberment.
Chopping up the body.
Yes. I...
I know what that means.
Cutting up a body into
nine pieces is difficult.
grueling work. chopping. sawing.
yet this bathtub is pristine.
Now so. once again.
you're saying
that this bathroom is too clean?
The killer must have
taken the body elsewhere
to do his dirty work.
But he need not
have taken it very far.
- I'm going for a walk.
- A walk?
Where is she going?
Stop!
♪ Well. you can tell
by the way I use... ♪
♪ No time to talk ♪
♪ I've been kicked around
since I was born ♪
♪ And now it's all right.
it's okay ♪
♪ And you may look
the other way ♪
♪ But we can try to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times'... ♪
♪ Or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive.
stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breakin'
and everybody shakin'... ♪
No key required and no cameras.
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ Stayin' alive. stayin' alive ♪
♪ Stayin' alive... ♪
♪ Oh. when you walk ♪
♪ Well. now. I get low
and I get high and if... ♪
What time does
the kitchen close?
- 1:00 a.m.
- What?
♪ It's all right. it's okay ♪
♪ I'll live to see another day ♪
♪ But we can try
to understand... ♪
♪ Whether you're a brother
or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive.
stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breakin'
and everybody shakin' ♪
♪ And we're stayin' alive.
stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ Ah-ah ♪
Hey!
♪ Life goin' nowhere... ♪
Same bag.
But the knots.
the knots. the knots are...
The knots are tied differently.
Can I go now?
How often is
that door left open?
I am a homicide detective.
not a health inspector.
All day.
Just makes life easier.
So. the premises
are not entirely secure.
Outsider could've snuck in.
did the murder.
You should invest in
anti-roosting spikes
over that camera.
Keeps away the pigeons.
Shit.
I'll never get used
to this angle.
Ex-girlfriend?
Estranged son.
Hunting accident.
Still feels like
the muscles are ripping apart.
You good with needles?
Yes.
How does this. uh. help exactly?
The needles release blockages
in your chi.
so your life force
can flow more freely.
- See?
- Sorry. it's just a little. uh...
Too woo-woo?
My parents would agree with you.
So. how are you liking
my old place?
It's. uh... cozy.
You know what they say
- about old houses.
- Filled with ghosts?
No. secrets.
Right over there. the bookshelf.
is an old coal chute
where I used to hide my pot.
Oh.
Bet you're glad
to finally be out.
Not as much
as my dad likes to think.
He makes it sound like
I'm so desperate to run away.
Well. you have
a new life now with Sam.
That doesn't mean
I won't miss my dad.
I can be 3.000 miles away.
I'll still want to see him.
Even when he gets
on your nerves?
Or tells you
to shoot him in the chest?
Even when I absolutely just want
to strangle him.
I'll always love my Dad.
I think he forgets that.
Maybe I have. too.
Okay.
You'll want to take it easy
for the rest of the day.
How's it feel?
Better.
Now's as good a time as any.
He's alone. away from work.
What if the police
arrested him tomorrow
and you never made contact?
If the police are onto him.
he wouldn't be
walking around free.
That's not the point.
A boy needs his father.
He needs someone.
What's wrong?
He's on a date.
A girlfriend isn't a
good reason to not see your son.
You want me to blow up his night
with an appearance
from Zombie Dad?
He thinks I'm dead.
He likes her.
You're right.
Harrison does need someone.
But it doesn't have to be me.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
Stefan swears
I don't know how a hotel works.
Hmm. You can totally do his job.
It's not all bad.
I mean. he's definitely
taught me what not to do.
- But how are you?
- I'm good.
Thanks for coming out.
Yeah. just. with all the...
the stuff with the cops
at the hotel.
I think I just needed
to get out of there for a night.
talk to a friendly face.
I get it.
It's disturbing.
What happened to that
Ryan guy was... gruesome.
I can't stop seeing his face.
Harrison. he was a human being
who you interacted with.
and he died.
Of course it's sad.
but his murder
is not your fault.
You-You want to go somewhere?
I kind of want to. uh...
kind of want to move around.
You want to. like. grab a beer?
Do you want to go back
to my place?
We can watch the new episode
of Drag Race.
Yeah.
Two words: "Gorge Orwell."
I was...
I never actually asked you.
How long were you
with Dante's father?
Oh. You want to go there?
- Well. no. you...
- Um. no.
I was with him for almost one...
night.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
Still. he gave me the greatest
gift I could ever ask for.
I mean. I just love this kid.
Even when he's being
a little monster.
'cause he's my little monster.
- That kid's as good as they get.
- Yeah.
- It's late.
- Yes. so I...
So. if you don't mind
being awakened by that kid.
you're welcome to stay
on the couch if you want.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. thanks.
This is fine.
We're gonna need
six of them arranged like this.
The VIPs are numbered. and their
dietary restrictions are listed.
Please note that VIP number five
is a vegan.
Do you have the shopping list?
Right here.
Just make sure it's all gathered
and ready to be cooked
by 4 p.m. at the latest
on the day.
You sure you don't want
any staff to work the dinner?
When the governor came
last week. we had...
This is a private gathering.
Just follow
your instructions exactly.
Regarding the wine.
write this down.
Please pull
the '82 Château Lafite.
the Romanée-Conti.
the '59 Dom
and the 1888 Armagnac.
The 1888?
Must be some special guests.
You are paid...
and paid very well...
for your discretion.
Is that understood?
Good.
Now show me
the flower arrangements.
Mr. Morgan. you never sent me
the name of
your one-night stand.
I'm gonna go clock in.
I'm sorry.
Um. it ju...
it just slipped my mind.
Your alibi slipped your mind?
Come with us.
After our last meeting.
we scoured hours of footage
from around the hotel
to see what you did
after you led Mr. Foster to his
room on the night of his murder.
I-I don't...
I don't see anything.
Correct.
There are 124 cameras
in the building.
and yet. after you are seen
in the elevator arriving
on the 11th floor that night.
you do not appear on
a single hotel security camera
until... 4:15 p.m..
in the lobby.
the day after the murder.
You look
a little worn out there.
Like you stayed up all night.
Uh. but not with a woman. as you
would have liked us to think.
Because to have picked up
a girl at a bar.
you would have
have to have left the hotel.
And yet.
no camera catches you entering
or leaving the premises.
at all. whatsoever.
So. what'd you really do
that night?
Wha...
I-I don't know what you mean.
Mr. Morgan. I think you lied
about leaving Mr. Foster's room.
I think you did care about
what was going
to happen to that woman.
And so you did the right thing.
You went in and stopped him.
once and for all.
Let me paint you a picture.
You ask Mr. Foster
what he is doing
with that clearly drugged woman.
he gets defensive
and angry.
and when you do not leave.
he gets violent.
And you do what anyone would do
in that situation:
you defend yourself.
For your safety. and the safety
of the woman. I imagine
you got into a fight.
you ended up in the bathroom.
and in a moment of desperation.
you hit him with the porcelain
lid of the toilet tank.
killing him.
We found porcelain dust
in the cranial wound
of the victim.
Now. I know this must have been
a traumatic experience.
such an extreme act of violence.
But it all happened so fast.
and you did not want
to get in trouble.
so now you have to clean up.
But first. you take Shauna.
the young woman.
back to her room.
Using the service elevator.
And proceed to use what you can
from the hotel to clean the room
as thoroughly as possible.
Oxygenated bleach... very smart.
Then it was time for the body.
Dismembering him was
your only option.
so you take him
to the one place
that proved most convenient.
the hotel kitchen.
Which closed at 1 a.m..
but you know that.
Then it was simply a matter of
chopping him up.
bagging the parts
and throwing them out
with the garbage.
a task no one would ever choose
but made sense for the situation
you found yourself in.
Mr. Morgan. I have been told
I'm not good at showing empathy.
But I hope that you know
that I understand what happened.
You tried to do the right thing.
You saved a young woman
from being raped.
And if you cooperate with us.
we can make sure
that this whole thing goes
from murder in the first degree
to justifiable homicide.
It's up to you.
I. uh...
I-I have a confession to make.
You may proceed.
I-I never left the hotel
that night...
because I-I live here.
You live here?
I'm homeless.
I stay in vacant rooms
every night.
Uh. just catching sleep
where I can.
My-my bosses don't know.
That's why I lied about
spending the night with a girl.
I'm sorry.
Can anyone corroborate
your story?
I-I don't. I don't want
to get them in trouble.
They will not be.
Enforcing Penal Code 140.05
is not my department.
Trespassing.
Now is the time
to give me your real alibi.
No pain.
All I needed was a few needles
to feel like myself again.
Or maybe just one.
Finally.
The last tool
I need for the kill.
I'm not saying
this is a bad idea.
I appreciate the clarification.
The hunter sets the trap. son.
But he shouldn't offer himself
as bait.
I hear you on the risk.
But I've anticipated
all the X factors.
He's got no place to stay.
So I...
I let him sleep
in the empty rooms.
It's not like
he's hurting anybody.
Does your boss know you do this?
No. Are-are you gonna tell him?
We are done. Thank you.
Wait.
Harrison's a good guy. okay?
I don't help assholes.
The fuck. Angel?
You're retiring?
Yeah. You're old.
but you're not that old.
- Ah. word got out. huh?
- Yeah.
- Man. I was gonna tell you.
- Yeah?
You were gonna tell me?
When? Now?
Sorry. man. It's just...
I've had enough of Homicide.
After 30 years.
I'm eligible for my pension.
so I'm going to enjoy it.
Doing what? What. are you gonna
open another restaurant
or write a novel.
start a podcast?
Yeah. don't tell me you're gonna
start an OnlyFans account.
I mean. I'll be supportive.
but I ain't gonna like it.
No. I'm gonna do some traveling.
And I got some personal shit
to take care of.
Personal shit?
Got to settle
an old score or...?
Like some fucking
Jason Statham movie?
Look... you ever have
that one thing you just...
can't let go?
Yeah.
An Eastern-European stripper.
Which was
a terrible fucking idea.
It wasn't that bad of an idea.
Come on. man. Talk to me.
What the fuck's going on?
When it all goes down.
believe me.
you'll understand.
But for now.
the less you know. the better.
Huh?
Well. we at least got to have
a drink in your honor. right?
Can I get. uh.
three Don Julio 1942. neat?
My. uh. partner over here
is retiring after. what?
40 years of being one
of Miami's finest.
Thank you.
All right. well.
here's to Angel Batista.
The captain
with the most pasión.
I love you guys.
Come here.
- Hey-hey.
- Huh?
All right. That's enough now.
Your driver has arrived.
Red should be finishing
his last appointment.
Hey. you here for Katie?
Uh. no.
I'm here for Jerry. not Katie.
Are you sure?
My UrCar was supposed
to be here ten minutes ago.
Yeah. I'm sure.
You said for Jerry. right?
Uh. yeah.
Let's get going.
I'm in a hurry.
I see you're going to JFK?
Yeah.
- You just getting out of work?
- Yeah.
Some asshole decided to reformat
his company's server.
Was a total waste of my time.
Take the bridge.
You sure? Tunnel's faster.
I mean. I got a buddy who swears
by the Cross Bronx Expressway.
but me?
I like to stick
to the usual route.
We're not going to JFK.
Keep both hands on the wheel
and do exactly as I say.
Take the Queensboro Bridge.
From here on out.
your life is in my hands.
Is that understood?
The kill tables
have turned. and I hate it.
Yes.
How does it feel
to know you will die?
Honestly?
It's not the first time.
What?
No sense of humor. Got it.
I mean... I'm scared.
Uh-huh. Tell me.
Who's going to miss you
once you're gone?
When you suddenly disappear
from someone's life?
I don't know if anyone will.
What about your son?
What'll he say
when he hears
his father is dead?
I'm dead to him already.
How'd you fuck that up so bad?
Pushed him too hard
to be like me.
But in the end
I wasn't even being true
to myself.
Hmm.
What the fuck does that mean?
There's this thing inside me
that drives me.
For too long
I tried to restrain it.
but I can't do that anymore.
Don't fucking move!
- God.
- Park up ahead.
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
It's time to let
my true self take the wheel.
What are you doing?
I'm taking my life back
and the name you stole from me.
What name?
The Dark Passenger.
The fuck?
Don't you know
nobody likes backseat drivers?
Missed that sound.
It's amazing all the things
you can order from the Internet.
Free shipping. too.
Fuck.
Who are you?
What the fuck is this?
After all this time.
still nice
when they play the hits.
Yeah. "What is this?
Who are you?"
That's usually how it goes.
Then I point to your victims.
Like Hank Garcia.
father of three.
baby on the way.
Force you to open your eyes
and look at what you've done.
But after that performance
in the car.
I'm starting to think
that hearing their sad stories
would just give you some sort
of sick sense of pleasure.
And I'm not here for that.
- Are you him?
- Who?
The guy
who broke into my apartment
and-and left the invitation
with all my trophies.
- What invitation?
- I haven't...
I haven't spent any
of the money.
You can have it all back.
it's in my backpack.
I don't care that you found
the licenses either.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
And I don't want your money.
Then. why the fuck
are you here?!
I'm here because of all
the innocent people you killed.
Innocent?
You think
those drivers were innocent?!
They're average.
hardworking people
trying to make a living.
support their families.
Fuck 'em!
My dad spent his entire life
savings on a taxi medallion.
Then those rideshare assholes
came along.
and the value tanked.
He was so far in debt. he threw
himself into the East River.
And when they found him.
his head was sliced off
by the same dredger
that was looking for him.
So you tell me
who the fuck is innocent.
Those drivers
you killed had nothing
to do with your dad.
You had no right to murder them
or to take my name.
Your name?
Who are you?
I'm Dexter.
And there's only room in this
world for one Dark Passenger.
No. no. no. No. no. please!
No. no. no!
Fool me once.
"Dear Friend.
You are cordially invited
to a dinner party
for like-minded individuals
who share similar passions.
An opportunity for conversation
and camaraderie.
and to share your craft
with colleagues.
Accept this money
as a good faith offering."
"There is more if you're
willing to sell your trophies.
Yours is a lonely path.
Let's walk it together."
"Meet at the following location.
A car will be provided."
Only in New York.
Thanks for the tip. Red.
But is there really
a dinner party...
for serial killers?
We do share
a certain resemblance.
Except I'm still breathing.
An Internet search showed me
where rideshare drivers refuse
pickups and drop-offs.
Where the NYPD even refuse
to go.
New tenant seeks available unit
in quiet neighborhood.
"Yours is a lonely path."
No shit.
I learned that years ago.
There's no room in the Code
for partners. not even my son.
But this is the second chance
that I've been given
to be what I am.
It's my burden to carry.
Hey.
I got grilled by those cops.
- What did you say?
- I told them the truth.
And now if they tell Stefan
that I let you stay here.
I could be fired.
Elsa. I'm-I'm so sorry.
I-I shouldn't
have mentioned you...
It's okay. I just...
I have worked so hard
to build something here.
But still. I had to make sure
those cops knew
that you're the last person
who'd ever hurt someone.
- You didn't have to do that.
- I know.
My path can only
be walked alone.
But who says I can't meet
a few folks along the way?
People with "similar passions."
"Like-minded individuals."
"Thumbprint required for entry."
Shit.
♪ "This Is the Beginning"
by Marqus Clae playing ♪
♪ Whoo. whoo. whoo. whoo ♪
♪ Whoo. whoo.
whoo. whoo ♪
Bon appétit.
♪ I am what I am.
I followed the plan ♪
♪ Man. I got the whole world
in my hand ♪
♪ I'm in demand.
they say I'm the man ♪
♪ If given the chance.
I gotta expand ♪
♪ If opportunity knocks.
I'm-a take it ♪
♪ I swear I've been patient ♪
♪ I'm never complacent.
headed for greatness ♪
♪ This is the beginning ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
- ♪ This is the beginning ♪
- ♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
- ♪ Look at me. I'm winning ♪
- ♪ Whoa ♪
- ♪ Can you see the vision? ♪
- ♪ This is the beginning ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
♪ This is the beginning ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ I'm on the way
to exceeding my goals ♪
♪ I said it out loud
and I set it in stone ♪
♪ Uh. what are you
settling for? ♪
♪ Uh. I'm trying
to level the score ♪
♪ I'm tryin' to be that clap ♪
♪ I gotta think out the box ♪
♪ I got the key to the lock.
I can see what I want ♪
♪ It's meet me at the top. uh ♪
♪ I am what I am.
I followed the plan ♪
♪ Man. I got the whole world
in my hand ♪
♪ I'm in demand.
they say I'm the man ♪
♪ If given the chance.
I gotta expand ♪
♪ If opportunity knocks.
I'm-a take it ♪
♪ I swear I've been patient ♪
♪ I'm never complacent.
headed for greatness ♪
♪ This is the beginning ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey. hey ♪
- ♪ Look at me. I'm winning ♪
- ♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Can you see the vision? ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-